Adds mc admin scanner to reference docs (#1332)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-scanner-status.rst

===========================
``mc admin scanner status``
===========================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc admin scanner info
.. mc:: mc admin scanner status

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-admin-scanner-status-desc

The :mc-cmd:`mc admin scanner status` command displays a real-time summary of :ref:`scanner <minio-concepts-scanner>` information for a MinIO Server.

.. end-mc-admin-scanner-status-desc

> This command has also be run by using ``mc admin scanner info``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command has an alias of ``mc admin scanner info``.
```

Author: I was attempting to avoid `alias`, since we use it for a specific meaning within the MinIO context. But we do already use alias this way for other commands, just going with it.

         Read Metadata:         3 objects; Avg: 40.817µs, Size: 395 bytes/obj	
         ILM checks:            3 versions; Avg: 714ns                       	
         Check Replication:     3 versions; Avg: 892ns                       	
         Verify Deleted:        0 folders; Avg: 0ms                          	
         Yield:                 18ms total; Avg: 6ms/obj     

   .. tab-item:: SYNTAX

      The command has the following syntax:

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         mc admin scanner status ALIAS
                                [--bucket <string>]     \
                                [--interval <value>]   \
                                [--max-paths <value>]  \
                                [-n <integer>]         \
                                [--nodes <string>] 

      .. include:: /includes/common-minio-mc.rst
         :start-after: start-minio-syntax
         :end-before: end-minio-syntax

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

.. mc-cmd:: ALIAS
   :required:

   The :ref:`alias <alias>` of the MinIO deployment for which to display :ref:`scanner <minio-concepts-scanner>` API operations.

.. mc-cmd:: --bucket
   :optional:

>    Show information about the scanning of a specified bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Filter scanner statistics to the specified bucket.
```

>    Show information about the scanning of a specified bucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Show information about the scanning of a specified bucket and exit.
```

Author: Not needed by a different edit to this line.

.. mc-cmd:: --interval
   :optional:

   The number of seconds to wait between status request refreshes.
   If not specified, the status refreshes every 3 seconds.

.. mc-cmd:: --max-paths
   :optional:

>    The maximum number of active paths to show.

Reviewer: What is a path? bucket + prefixes?

Reviewer 2: Drive paths.
